1) Write a R program to take input from the user (name and age) and display
the values. Also print the version of R installation.
2) Write a R program to create a sequence of numbers from 20 to 50 and find
the mean of numbers from 20 to 60 and sum of numbers from 51 to 91.
3) Write a R program to create a simple bar plot of five subjects marks.
4) Write a R program to get the unique elements of a given string and unique
numbers of vector.
5) Write a R program to multiply two vectors of integers type and length 3.
6) Write a R program to list containing a vector, a matrix and a list and give
names to the elements in the list.
7) Write a R program to create a list containing a vector, a matrix and a list
and give names to the elements in the list. Access the first and second
element of the list.
8) Write a R program to create a list containing a vector, a matrix and a list
and remove the second element.
9) Write a R program to merge two given lists into one list.
10) Write a R program to assign new names "a", "b" and "c" to the elements of
a given list.
11) Write a R program to create an empty data frame.
12) Write a R program to create a data frame from four given vectors.
13) Write a R program to create a data frame using two given vectors and
display the duplicated elements and unique rows of the said data frame.
14) Write a R program to save the information of a data frame in a file and
display the information of the file.
15) Write a R program to create an ordered factor from data consisting of the
names of months.
16) Write R program to find whether given number is positive or negative.
17) Write R program to read number and print corresponding day name in a
week
18) Create a Matrix using R and Perform the operations addition, subtraction,
multiplication.
19) Using R import the data from Excel/.CSV file and find mean, median,
mode, quartiles.
20) Using R import the data from Excel/.CSV file and find standard deviation,
variance and co-variance.
21) Write a R program to count the number of NA values in a data frame
column.
22) Write a R program to call the (built-in) dataset air quality. Remove the
variables 'Solar.R' and 'Wind' and display the data frame.
23) Write a R program to compare two data frames to find the row(s) in first 
data frame that are not present in second data frame
24) Write a R program to create a factor corresponding to height of women
data set, which contains height and weights for a sample of women.
25) Write a R program to find nth highest value in a given vector.
26) Write an R program to sort a Vector in ascending and descending order.
27) Write an R program to extract first 10 English letter in lower case and last
10 letters in upper case and extract letters between 22nd to 24th letters in
upper case.
28) Write an R Program to calculate Decimal into binary of a given number.
29) Write an R program to convert a given matrix to a list and print list in
ascending order.
30) Write an R program to create a Data frames which contain details of
5employees and display the details in ascending order.
31) Consider the inbuilt iris dataset i) Create a variable “y” and attach to it the
output attribute of the “iris”dataset .ii) Create a barplot to breakdown your
output attribute. iii) Create a density plot matrix for each attribute by class
value.
32) Consider Weather dataset i) Selecting using the column number ii)
Selecting using the column nameiii) Make a scatter plot to compare Wind
speed and temperature.
33) Write a script in R to create a list of students and perform thefollowingi)
Give names to the students in the list. ii) Add a student at the end of the list.
iii) Remove the first Student.iv) Update the second last student.